TPS 1:

1. MARS standards for MIPS Assembler and Runtime Simulator
2. MARS is already installed, and ran with Java 25
3. Materials are downloaded and saved, as shown
4. Already downloaded
5.
    a. Click on the button with the icon of a text file in a folder, and select the file to load
    b. To assemble the program, click the button with the screwdriver to assemble
    c. There is a green play button, which runs it to completion
    d. No, you can't. It must be assembled before running
    e. Once assembled, click the button that that has a "1" with it, which goes over it step by step
    f. Click the green play button again
6. Basically what it does is it loads, and prints out "10". But it's split into parts, with the static section defining static data, and text is the actual code

TPS 2:

1. .data stores static data (i.e., numbers, etc), with .word setting up an word-aligned integer and storing an integer of 4 bytes, and .text is the actual executable code
2. line 10 is a subroutine, but acts as the exit condition for the recursive loop. 
    This is done by checking if the "n" value (counting downwards) is more than 0. If the value equals to 0, then jump to the finish subroutine
3. line 15 just calls the "fib" subroutine again, which is a recursive calls
4. Assemble, and go to the "Execute" tab. There are checkpoints for each line, with when clicking on, sets a breakpoint
5. Assemble, and click the green play button with a "1" attached to it. 
   That will move it by one step each time, with the button to the right of it going back by one
6. Once assembled, on the right, there is a "Registers" page. Within the data segment box, you can click on the checkbox "Hexadecimal values" to view them in hex. 
   Assemble, and then set a breakpoint. Run it, and once it pauses, go to the registers page, and directly double-click the value, and hit enter.
7.
    a. "n" is the very first variable declared, so it starts on the starting boundary, which is 0x10010000
    b. Assemble, find data segment panel, and find the address of 0x10010000. Look at the column "Value (+0)", with the element of the table being the value. 
    c. Deselect "Hexdecmial values", and double click on the cell, and replace it with 13, which is 233
8. This instruction makes a call to the system, i.e., First, the command code needs to be set under the $v0 register. 1 means "Print integer", 10 means system exit.
   Within Line 19, the instruction simply moves the final computed value found in $t0, to $a0. Arguments are passed through registers $a0-$a3, so by doing so, the system can see it. The "0" at the end is a way to copy it. 
   Then syscall actually calls the system with the code of 1, which prints out the integer
   Within line 23, it sets the command code to 10, which exits the program. Syscall actually executes that
